[Area 1] Add post-delivery response time (#18197)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/email-security/auto-retraction.mdx

You can enable two options:

> * **Post Delivery Response**:  Email Security (formerly Area 1) will continue to re-evaluate emails already delivered to your users' inboxes at a fixed time interval in search for phishing sites or campaigns not previously known to Cloudflare. If any email messages fitting these new criteria are found, Email Security (formerly Area 1) retracts them. Rescans occur at a five minutes, 12 hours, and 24 hours interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Post Delivery Response**:  Email Security (formerly Area 1) will continue to re-evaluate emails already delivered to your users' inboxes at a fixed time interval in search for phishing sites or campaigns not previously known to Cloudflare. If any email messages fitting these new criteria are found, Email Security (formerly Area 1) retracts them. Rescans occur at a five minute, 12 hour, and 24 hour intervals.
```
